Setup a New Single Package (#697)
commercetools/test-data: presets/all-packages/README.md

> # @commercetools-test-data/cart

Reviewer: Is this a typo?

Author: Yes.

Updated here: 9b894da0e0dde37d04c180a62347d228b9032a0b

> This package provides access to all the data model used in the commercetools APIs .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides access to all the test data models used in the commercetools APIs .
```

Author: Updated here: 9b894da0e0dde37d04c180a62347d228b9032a0b
